If I get caught,
do you think you can escape?
I was just joking with you.
Don’t worry.
When Consort Rong is punished,
the scene will definitely be chaotic.
At that time,
I will have my people meet you at the East Gate.
What grudge or enmity do you have with Su Qingyu?
No grudge, no enmity.
But he loves me and wants me to be the Empress.
Hmph.
If the problem can’t be solved, eliminate the person who created it.
As long as Su Qingyu is alive,
even if the Empress Dowager makes me the Empress,
the Emperor will never agree.
Even if Su Qingyu dies,
you still cannot be the Empress.
The Empress Dowager will never let you be the Empress
for the sake of her own family.
You don’t need to worry about that.
Once Su Qingyu is dead,
the Empress Dowager will naturally obey me.
And I’ll become the Empress.
However, for the Emperor,
as long as Su Qingyu is gone,
it doesn’t matter who becomes the Empress.
Hahahaha.
Empress Dowager, long life and peace.
If it weren’t for your care,
I wouldn’t be feeling unwell today.
I can only stay in bed.
Do you need me to help you with a back rub?
No need. Just go get me a cup of tea.
The secret medicine I prepared this time,
as long as you put the phlegm in the tea,
and let the Empress Dowager drink it,
she will follow your commands.
She will obey you.
Leave it to Wang Momo.
So that the Empress Dowager won’t pass the illness on to you.
Thank you, Consort De.